11th Anniversary blog (#34812)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-09-18-home-assistant-is-11-years-old.markdown

- ([0:55](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=wi8cFzuyEBHZIMPG&t=3347)) How we began to focus more on UX and UI

- ([1:03](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=iTRYmjLamaCyBR55&t=3769)) Moving the focus away from YAML, while keeping it in

- ([1:09](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=7ihvckxKLYz-ngMp&t=4181)) Smart home vs automated home

- ([1:16](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=Bt5OYxe0KQXmoR1s&t=4566)) The beginnings of beta

- ([1:21](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=u8I1D0R4bu6AvdIa&t=4859)) Bringing in a community manager

- ([1:27](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=lNY3fFGejRrKmaR_&t=5216)) Discord changes

- ([1:30](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=_VBg4h4IxOl1Uifv&t=5428)) **What's next for the community - Home Assistant Day announcement**

- ([1:34](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=prjnO4AhecnaK092&t=5645)) What do you want to see evolve in the community?

- ([1:41](https://www.youtube.com/live/iE8yFUvQ2e4?si=Ss91TppP7qrSSzsB&t=6076)) How the community can support Home Assistant

> There was a live Q&A after the live stream on [our Discord](https://discord.gg/home-assistant) using their new Stage function, but you had to be there to have enjoyed it, no catching up on that one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There was a live Q&A after the live stream on [our Discord](/join-chat) using their new Stage function, but you had to be there to have enjoyed it, no catching up on that one.
```
